Update EM graph docs for My Access APIs (#11258)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackageassignment.md

| Method       | Return Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| [List accessPackageAssignments](../api/accesspackageassignment-list.md) | [accessPackageAssignment](accesspackageassignment.md) collection | Retrieve a list of accessPackageAssignment objects. |

> |[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of accessPackageAssignment objects filtered on the currently-logged-in user. This method supports parameter `on` to retrieve objects corresponding to current user being the `target`, or objects `createdBy` current user.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of accessPackageAssignment objects filtered on the signed-in user. This method supports parameter `on` to retrieve objects corresponding to current user being the `target`, or objects `createdBy` current user.|
```

Author: done

> |[FilterByCurrentUser](../api/accesspackageassignment-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) collection|Retrieve the list of accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects filtered on the currently-logged-in user. This method supports parameter `on` to retrieve objects corresponding to current user being the `target`, or objects `createdBy` current user.|

Reviewer 2: i think this is the wrong function, this article is assignment but this is talking about retrieving requests?

Reviewer 2: or maybe copy-paste ?
